Example1.md, before:

---
# EXAMPLE 1
---
# FAQ for Desktop
## How do I add new calendar?
You can add as many calendars as you like with Google calendars. For example, you can create a work or personal calendar. You can only add new calendars with a web browser, though. The calendar app doesn't yet support adding new calendars.
1. Open [Google Calendar](https://calendar.google.com) in your web browser.
1. On the left side of the page, next to **My calendars**, click the drop-down menu  > **Create new calendar**.
1. Name your calendar. 
1. If you want to share your calendar, see the *How to share your calandar with others* section.
1. At the top of the page, click **Create Calendar**.

## How do I create an event?
There is more than just one way to create calendar event. 

The easiest is to click an empty spot in your calendar:
1. Open [Google Calendar](https://calendar.google.com) in your web browser.
1. Click on the time when you want to create your event.
1. Name your event.
1. If you have more than just one calendar, select the calendar from the drop-down menu.
1. Click **Create event**.
1. If you want to extend or shorten the event, simply drag the edge of the event to desired time.

Another way is to use the quick add:
1. Open [Google Calendar](https://calendar.google.com) in your web browser.

# FAQ for iPhone
## How do I add new calendar?
The iPhone calendar app does not support adding calendars. Please, see the section *How do I add new calendar?* in FAQ (Computer).

Commit message:

Example 1 finished text. Added picture.

Example1.md, after:

---
# EXAMPLE 1
---
# FAQ for Desktop
## How do I add new calendar?
You can add as many calendars as you like with Google calendars. For example, you can create a work or personal calendar. You can only add new calendars with a web browser, though. The calendar app doesn't yet support adding new calendars.

1. Open [Google Calendar](https://calendar.google.com) in your web browser.
1. On the left side of the page, next to **My calendars**, click the drop-down menu  > **Create new calendar**.
![Create new calendar](https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/30944204/Screenshot%202016-03-02%2012.03.30.png)
1. Name your calendar. 
1. If you want to share your calendar, see the section *How to share your calandar with others*.
1. At the top of the page, click **Create Calendar**.

## How do I create an event?
There is more than just one way to create a calendar event. The easiest is to simply ciclik and empty spot in your calendar. You can also use the **Create** button or **Quick add**. 

### Click an empty spot in your calendar:
1. Open [Google Calendar](https://calendar.google.com) in your web browser.
1. Click on the time when you want to create your event.
1. Name your event.
1. If you have more than just one calendar, select the calendar from the drop-down menu.
1. Click **Create event**.
1. If you want to extend or shorten the event, simply drag the edge of the event to desired time.

### Click the Create button:
1. Open [Google Calendar](https://calendar.google.com) in your web browser.
1. In the top left corner, click the **Create** button.
1. Name your event.
1. Set the date, time and additional details.
1. If you have more than just one calendar, select the calendar from the drop-down menu.
1. Click **Save**.

### Use the Quick Add:
1. Open [Google Calendar](https://calendar.google.com) in your web browser.
1. In the top left corner, next to the **Create** button, click the drop-down menu arrow.
1. Write the event name, date and time in a free form. For example:  
  *Dinner with Michael tomorrow 7pm*  
  *Gym on Friday*  
  See the section *Tips for using Quick Add* for more examples and hints.
1. Click **Add**.

# FAQ for iPhone
## How do I add new calendar?
The iPhone calendar app does not support adding calendars. Please, see the section *How do I add new calendar?* in FAQ (Computer).
